README.md, before:

# Starter folder

## Overview

This repo provides students with a foundation for their own projects associated with *Telling Stories with Data*. You do not need every aspect for every paper and you should delete aspects that you do not need.


## File Structure

The repo is structured as:

-   `data/raw_data` contains the raw data as obtained from X.
-   `data/analysis_data` contains the cleaned dataset that was constructed.
-   `model` contains fitted models. 
-   `other` contains relevant literature, details about LLM chat interactions, and sketches.
-   `paper` contains the files used to generate the paper, including the Quarto document and reference bibliography file, as well as the PDF of the paper. 
-   `scripts` contains the R scripts used to simulate, download and clean data.


## Statement on LLM usage

Aspects of the code were written with the help of the auto-complete tool, Codriver. The abstract and introduction were written with the help of ChatHorse and the entire chat history is available in inputs/llms/usage.txt.

## Some checks

- [ ] Change the rproj file name so that it's not starter_folder.Rproj
- [ ] Change the README title so that it's not Starter folder
- [ ] Remove files that you're not using
- [ ] Update comments in R scripts
- [ ] Remove this checklist

Commit message:

Refining study, cleaning up repo
1. Added shape files for health region maps which would be used in data exploration section of paper.

2. Completed data exploration section by adding remaining variables.

3. Added model section specifying linear regression model.

4. Started discussion section. Have to complete remaining findings.

5.  Added script which plots map data regarding health region and saved static map plot as png and html. Could potentially create interactive plot and save it as HTML and embed in github repo page.

5. Updated LLM usage for paper in readME and categorise text files containing prompts and responses from ChatGPT.

README.md, after:

## Overview

Physical activeness and factors affecting it is explored in this repository. 

## File Structure

The repo is structured as:

-   `data/raw_data` contains the raw data as obtained from X.
-   `data/analysis_data` contains the cleaned dataset that was constructed.
-   `model` contains fitted models. 
-   `other` contains relevant literature, details about LLM chat interactions, and sketches.
-   `paper` contains the files used to generate the paper, including the Quarto document and reference bibliography file, as well as the PDF of the paper. 
-   `scripts` contains the R scripts used to simulate, download and clean data.


## Statement on LLM usage

Aspects of the paper were written with the help of ChatGPT and the entire chat history is available in other/llm_usage.
- Formatting of mathematical equations in paper/paper.qmd were written with the help of ChatGPT. Refer to other/llms_usage/paper_formatting.txt.
- Summary of original dataset in paper/paper.qmd were written with the help of ChatGPT. Refer to other/llms_usage/original_dataset_summarising.txt
- Abstract in paper/paper.qmd was written with the help of ChatGPT. Refer to other/llm_usage/abstract.txt

## Some checks

- [ ] Change the rproj file name so that it's not starter_folder.Rproj
- [ ] Change the README title so that it's not Starter folder
- [ ] Remove files that you're not using
- [ ] Update comments in R scripts
- [ ] Remove this checklist
